white people is this a shooting range
bravery at its finest
your order comes to $37.50 and your white privilege discount brings the total to $37.50
it is time.. to send these parasites back to the desert
mississippi wind chime
knowing white people , that's probably the baby father
life hack #23 how to get stoned with no weed
you've heard of elf on a shelf, now get ready for
cooooooooooooon!!!!
when you get to choose your own mental illness
dat ass ahmarbkrich*d
look! it says it right here! we can fuck goats!
enough is enough children are more important than freaks
removes polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye removes polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
when you have an 80 point iq but it's the highest in your village
my sense of humor is so dark it picks cotton
if this offends you you might be lack toes intolerant
yes, we know trump said \"mexico will pay for the wall\" but now mexicans are the wall. that boy good!!!!
they don't wash their ass with water and they eat their daughters' ass
safe sex isis style
hurry up barack will be home soon
white people on cinco de mayo vs. every other day
a ww2 jewish prisoner trying to escape the auchschwitz showers (1943, colorized) wwii jew escaping hitler's rath
which one has tranny problems?
whatsthe difference between heroin and i? cops think twice before shooting heroin
head teachers given the power to ban the burqa in british schools share if you want a full ban in britain!
sharks don't attack him why? they think it's whale shit
thank god my ass needed a break
barn army enlist, and bomb ant hills \"grab your pitchfork and meet at the barn\"
how black people became christians
did you know that the chinese eat dogs savages disgusting
when you decide to go full gas
left the kitchen too many times
finally finding the right tutorial you need indian accent
syrian rape survivor speaks out
oh, addiction isn't a disease because it started with a choice?? tell me more about how the chlamydia in your crotch isn't a disease, yet it started with a choice
wanna go masturbate? fuck yeah! masturbating!
she said girls run the world... so i told her get back in the kitchen
why love one but eat the other ? i don't get it
if this gets 1k likes i'll post to islam how we see muslims how muslims see us
and just like that... this sandwich maker doubles as ironing board
my husband is always pushing me around... and talking behind my back
someone added to much soap to the dishwasher again
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
must..resist...urge to.. kill whitey.
49 people were killed at christchurch muslim 49 people were killed at christchurch mosques muslim
money is evil give it to us
this cat is getting raped tonight
that's the way allah allah i like it
doesnt have food, water, electricity proud of nuclear weapons
scientist are working hard to cure them all
feeling kinda cute might steal your shit later.. idk
normal day in a islamic country
tranny for sale
nurse: yes sir, we are having mashed potatoes today alzheimer's patient: i don't remember asking you a god damn thing
thats the way allah allah i like it!!!
under the name of multiculturalism we let terrorist into this country
meanwhile in baltimore
wears rag on her head so her brother husband doesnt want to molest her
told girlfriend that mom is deaf so speak loud and slow told mom that girlfriend is retarded
when you decide to go full gas
just under 17 and a half years ago, 19 people were allowed into the us who should not have been all these years later, we are told that the answer to safety is to allow everyone in
different types of radicalization
when is the time to eat i am hungry
those stupid basterds thought it was a real shower
i started a business that sells landmines disguised as prayer mats.. ..prophets are going through the roof
i am not racist i just don't like brown sugar
thats the way allah allah i like it!!!
what can happen if you eat wheaties for 38 years
when you take these pics we think about cumming in your mouth
lebanon: before muslims after muslims but don't worry! after islam takes over there'll be a golden age.. apparently
so you're never going to forgive the germans because of the holocaust? same
give them what they deserve kill them all
bartender: how about a nice 12 yr old? him: boy or girl?
if you're gonna talk shit about someone... you better make sure they aren't crazier than you are
potato is my favorite color of the alphabet
face of terrorism in us
who knew that this country is full of white trash
\"god's chosen people\" according to the book they wrote
how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
the book about terrorism
they shot the wrong gorilla
how a black woman can fight crime
72 virgins are ready to get fucked up
he made millions of children homeless
me and my kids are going to rob this country blind at the expense of the very people that voted for me. and they're going to love it. believe me! bigly!
when you decide to go full gas
bows here, bows there, bows everywhere
when a white kid shoots up the school the same day you planned to bomb it
all you guys think about is dope
potato is my favorite color of the alphabet
one of the bullets they dug out of a victim from the orland gay night club shooting!
who wants ice cream me me me
you don't need a parachute to go skydiving twice you need a parachute to go skydiving twice
a group of men
feeling bored, let's go to a mosque
those stupid basterds thought it was a real shower
muslim strip club
good night keep your butthole tight
if he wears number one he's most likely the fastes on the team
today we are making vegetable soup
don't be a fool it is a bomb
white power!
we've taken this country! now fuck off! we're taking it back!
how to cook turkey in usa how to cook turkey in romania
jamal is practicing for class sport
like lebanon terrorism can destroy a beautiful country
72 virgins are ready to get fucked up
welcome to melbourne
these hitler jokes are rude anne frankly i don't care
bartender: how about a nice 12 yr old? him: boy or girl?
these aren't people
one of my 5 boyfriends slept with another girl i'll never trust men again!
can you smell what the reich is cooking
everybody is afraid of gangs
trump said immigrants come here to steal your wife is a great example she stole my speech
get in loser we're invading poland
haha pig man is peeing standing up
they see them rollin.... they hating..
this is how muslims celebrate new year
albanians talking photo with a porn star
they are the best in basketball because they can steal, shoot and run
putting bows on your pet
there's a reason we keep the beer in the bottom of the cooler
i just started a company selling landmines that look like prayer mats prophets are going through the roof
the families of the hillsborough tragedy were denied legal aid.... but shamima begum gets it to fight for her uk citizenship our system is a sick joke! - martin costello
jamal is holding a gun
we broke up but she said we could still be cousins
family trip in mexico
if i was uncircumcised i'd hide candy in my dick skin so when a girl about to suck me up, she has a pleasant surprise.. oh my god, skittles
be careful who you call ugly in highschool
what if the only reason mary got pregnant... is because god is gay and needed a surrogate
what do alcoholics and necrophiliacs have in common they both love to crack open a cold one.
abnormal vs normal
immigration invasion learn the difference
illegal aliens are not welcome
if the shocker don't rock her spock her
you can smell disgust and hate from this photo
this is a terrorist
coffee isn't helping get the jumper cables
what women think men want what men really want
\"stupid bitch\" is not a race
and for my next class project!
i'm going home i'm russian
if the brim of your hat is flat and has a sticker on it i automatically assume you're a complete tool
maybe if you think before you act you'd be treated better
...even the dumb jews know that! trump is a racist.
its friday cunts lets get on the gas
i just heard my girlfriend is pregnant
human dna found in ancient goat carcass scientists believe this is first proof muhammad existed
old people at weddings always poke me and say \"you're next.\" so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
that blood you donated could be in someone's boner right now
she is condemning shooting the gorilla
white power!
when you know you don't have to jackoff tonight
she probably asked a wrong question
for the last time im not michelle obama
we've taken this country! now fuck off! we're taking it back!
wait, mohammad come back i didn't mean to laugh, really size dosen't matter to me lol
they see them rollin..... they hating..
i was excoriated for a harmless \"tweet\" and \"my show\" was cancelled
islamic extremist planning new project
jack and jill went up the hill so jack could lick her candy but jack got a shock and a mouthful of cock cause jills real name was randy
putting bows on your pet
oh no i can't steal anymore
4 am. everyone is asleep perfect time to run from one end of the house to the other at full speed as loudly as possible
john wilkes booth be like: yall sure abraham lincoln dead? he aint up here
im not saying i'm racist im just saying all muslims are terrorists
evolution from peeling bananas to busting caps
maybe if we weren't consistent sources of crime we'd be treated better
america in 2045 \"grandpa...why didn't you stop them?!\"
free blanket maybe white man not so bad after all
everyone is afraid of dark
how about a nice 12 yr old? bartender: him: boy i would love that
kick them out of country
we want sharia law !! well.... go home
when you're the reason for the company safety video
she said \"i want a ring\" i said \"bitch take your phone off silent!\"
travel size coffee maker
\"white privilege the privilege of being called \"racist\" by other people who see nothing else about you except the color of your skin
the world's most wanted terrorist obama bin lying
rose's are red violet's are blue little stupid ass bitch i ain't fuckin witchu
mohammad won the contest in putting underwear on goats
maybe we weren't consistent sources of crime we'd be treated better
no wonder why the pipes are not working
we are returning our broken coffee maker
upper downer
before my presidency, there was no isis. there was no caliphate there was no blm. there was no antifa. there was no war on police i built that
abnormal vs normal
we could destroy all of them but we let some of them survive so you know why we did it
what do these two have in common? they both are good at sucking they both come with a bag
on tuesday, november 3, 2020, we make america great again  by voting this nightmare out of office!
this is the greatest news manufacturing in 20th century
old people at weddings always poke me and say \"you're next.\" so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
unleash the inner beast on the field
my irony meter just exploded
i love apes they are both ugly and cute
burning them was a great public service
what's the difference between a refugee and e.t e.t learned english and wanted to go home
can you smell what the reigh is cooking
i like my rice crispy please
terrorist can come to this country way to easy
how to keep the thefts out
give them what they deserve kill them all
give that man a suicide
for lunch vlad the impaler loved turkey
when you decide to stop racism by burning its symbol
not all muslims are isis! some are al-qaida the rest are taliban
\"he's a squirter\" doesn't sound as sexy when you are gay
oh boy i sure love being muslim in the new zealand city of christchurch on march 15
the hardest part to eat in a vegetable
mohammed i'm pregnant.... don't sass me, you know it's funny! ~cupcakes
black lives matter >\"how\",\"why\"and \"to whom\" is unclear
size of a shuttle bus legroom of a pinto
when you are white and stole your first bike
come to the dark side we have weed
our dad is a potato farmer
after a girl dies, what organ in her body stays warm? my dick
straight outta the oven step one :turn on the gas
america taught us how to be happy slaves the same way school teach us how to be happy employees
in just one hour from now i'll only have 4 hours left until i have to work a mere 3 hours
i said \"a glass of juice\".
go see fifty shades darker in theaters alone and throw mayonnaise at couples in the dark
fuck the catholics fuck the catholic church fuck the pope
when your friend insists on paying for dinner but you still want to contribute - just the tip, come on... let me
has extra chromosome probably stole it
a talking ape
so much trash, we need a garbage collector
someone else used kids to push an agenda
house of pedophile
women ask for equal rights, so i give them equal lefts aswell
so like, why are men even gay? girls have buttholes too you know.
upper downer
no wonder why the pipes are not working
jamal is practicing for class sport
whenever you feel stupid, remember there are people who throw stones at a wall! aiming for an invisible devil, told by an invisible god for an invisible heaven!
when you are white and stole your first bike
novaky concentration camp these jews can claim holocaust pensions
i finally found my girlfriends g-spot turns out it was in her sister the whole time
i took a shower this morning
the secret to a successful marriage is to keep his stomach full and his balls empty
you can make jokes about anything, just not illegals that's crossing the border
they shot the wrong gorilla
notice how the kenyan skidmark has been silent about the mueller report?
that face you make when you're a bully and just got beat up by a girl
we should learn from ocean how to treat refugees
my incesters built this country!!!!
i don't have ex's. i have y's. like, \"y the hell did i date you?!?\"
i'm about to have my 5th abortion fuck you batman i'm the real crime fighter
changing every single country it touches
goat meat is very popular in islamic countries
teacher of the year for black community
evolution from peeling bananas to busting caps
feeling cute might shoot a darkie later idk
happy birthday you sexy beast
when was the last time you saw so many mentally ill people on the streat
dump pipe to the ocean
what do they have in common? you enjoy pushing them down the stairs
hello chocolate paradise princess i'm albert
do you like goat anus? smell my finger
if she's pouting like this and you don't immediately drop the argument , motherfucker you gay
thank you for allowing me into your country now we need to talk about the things that need to change around here to accommodate my beliefs
you want a whore? buy one. you want a queen? earn her. you want a nickel bag? fifteen bucks, little man
lebanon: before islam after islam but don't worry! after islam takes over, there'll be a golden age... apparently
theriously?? that's methed up!
when you are white and working in oil field
what in the hell is wrong with america voting towel heads into congress
be careful who you call ugly in highschool
i'm no bird expert but i'm guessing it's 4 females and 1 male
wait, mohammad come back i didn't mean to laugh, really size dosen't matter to me lol
a fast sandwich maker
waves mexican flag doesn't want to live in mexico
i'm going home i'm russian
don't be late for work get the protestor plow
when you ask the kid that misses class a lot why he is bald and he starts crying all right. then keep vour secrets
and for my next class project!
everyone is afraid of dark
in west philadelphia, born and raised in the anus is where i got most of my aids
i had potato for lunch
parental opioid use has negative effect on children's intelligence
in 1979 jimmy carter created the department of education since then the u.s. has gone from 1st to 17th in education
when she gives you that look
a real man loads the dishwasher every night
time to put the \"panic\" back in hispanic
why do we share more when these people are hurt but not these people
everyone celebrates christmas !
fight for what you believe in fight for the future
just bought a house! now we're house-poor
the migrant caravan arrives!
if she's still making noises, you didn't hit her hard enough
and then i asked mom, what's for dinner?
the definition of utter disgust in plain black and white
the latest and greatest. a truck that comes with a dishwasher!
no matter what smile
wouldn't be the last time those people used the oven this way
when you have someone to help and take care of you what could happen if you didn't
mr obama it is an honor
do you know how to turn your dishwasher into a snowblower? throw em a shovel
playing with the monkeys in thailand
mr obama it is an honor
haters will say it's photoshop
i forgot what are we fighting over again?
terrible as hitler was, he did enjoy watching sports
beauty shot of girlfriends focusing on different thoughts and ideas
the future of the democratic party
you should treat that the way you treat you vacuum cleaner when it stops sucking change the bag
in the last days there will be scoffers, ridiculers, deniers and mockers following after their own lusts
imagine being so disgusting there have to be laws to try to stop normal people from hating you
thanksgiving in china
when you ask a jewish girl for her number and she starts rolling her sleeve
busy, like a hive of bees, controlling what your family sees and edits all the news your hear so you'll know what to think and fear till all the truth there is, is gone. that is unless you stand, en masse. \"
the proper way to pop a blackhead
\"plays uno steals all the green cards\"
okay okay okay here's my serious face do i look fuhrerious yet?
when you support your little one every step of the way
dolled up and rolling with the gang like
i could have killed all of them. but i let some of them survive so you know why i killed them
pre-heat to 350 degrees
in the muslim world all gay men are well hung
pretty much sums up islam
you mean i don't have to pick it?!?
learn to hunt. it's a valuable skill
still better than mexican
when mom asks where all the jews went
94% of them test positive for rh blood type which means they have monkey blood as a result they are born with a tail and other animal traits
hey, i just met you and this is crazy but here's your number.. so camping, maybe?
wouldn't be the last time those people used the oven this way
they are terrorists anyone who doesn't agree is an idiot
you should treat that the way you treat your vacuum cleaner, when it stops sucking change the bag
the original scarecrow
nein danke i'm very happy with my gas supplier
busy, like a hive of bees, controlling what your family sees and edits all the news your hear so you'll know what to think and fear till all the truth there is, is gone that is unless you stand, en masse. \"
a real man loads the dishwasher every night
hansel and gretel was a scary childrens story
knows about you. your family your children everything
if you want to know how they were treated illustration of man with four slaves chained together
my new muslim girlfriend not much to look at
you are what you eat meanwhile in africa
they want to be accepted for who they are, yet theren't able to accept themselves for who they are
when you date an asian boy and you trynna get his family to accept you
a cat in a pot
making a quick 3pm snack
i believe they are like racism just shouldn't exist
the proper way to pop a blackhead
cookie kunty seen in paris
apparently not erdogan
some people some other people
a picture of my great great great grand grandfather's tractors they don't make them like they used to
hitting is a crime. it's about time people understood that
you either die a hero, or live long enough to become the villain
when your jewish friend smells a stash of coins in public
voila! fresh batch of baked goods !
rabbi sitting in synagogue chillin and doing his thing
traveling through chimney
when you smell cake
the door to the crematorium and gas chambers are closed
when your wife just died giving birth to your daughter and you're alone in the room with your naked just born daughter
and just like that... this sandwich maker doubles as an ironing board
i ordered a dishwasher and they sent me a sandwich maker
islam is a religion of peace stop criticizing my religion
if she's still making noises, you didn't hit her hard enough
city workers repair statue cover it up with black sheet
when you ask a jewish girl for her number and she starts rolling her sleeve
it's time we took guns away and put them out of the reach of our children
say it! say it ! islam is the religion of peace
a jewish shop owner, wears a kippah or yarmulke whilst in his shop in tehran
and at that moment everything else in the world just melted away
taking the liberals to a whole new level
terrorist trojan horse enemy of the state
best gamer ever 6 million kills, 1 death
they want to be accepted for who they are, yet theren't able to accept themselves for who they are
you mean i don't have to pick it?!?
white kids kids dreaming about their first day of school
in the muslim world all gay men are well hung
i ordered a dishwasher and they sent me a sandwich maker
in other countries in pakistan
in other countries in pakistan
lose 15 lbs with this 1 simple trick photoshop
german british danish austrian diversity. apparently we don't have it and these guys do: iraqi pakistani syrian egyptian
love is love
when mom asks where all the jews went
nein danke i'm very happy with my gas supplier
pre-heat to 350 degrees
when your bed is short and your feed stick out
do you know how to turn your dishwasher into a snowblower? throw em a shovel
and then i asked mom, can we go play?
i treat them like java treats its generic parameters at run time as objects
the definition of utter disgust in plain black and white
a picture of my great great great grand grandfather's tractors they don't make them like they used to
i believe they are like racism. just shouldn't exist
eat some cookies you're not yourself when you're hungry
bitches be like no weave, no makeup, no lashes, no eyebrows
and then i asked mom, what's for dinner?
celebrating the presidential election
so many lives lost because of this man
i love my slow cooker
are you a boy or a girl i'm non binary
when finishing a race is your passion
i treat them like java treats its generic parameters at run time as objects
and just like that... this sandwich maker doubles as an ironing board
doesnt let anything stop her have a great day
german british danish austrian diversity. apparently we don't have it and these guys do: iraqi, pakistani, syrian, egyptian
take the third reich and then the first left?
you don't need cocaine to be happy
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
what a weird way to spell fat and single
the original scarecrow
white kids kids dreaming about their first day of school
it's the goat humper, looks like a bunch of pigs just walked over your grave
1st day of 4th grade sandy hook elementary school
when the dog bites you and you bite back to assert dominance
you are what you eat meanwhile in africa
upper downer
no, that's not his daughter... that's his wife! yet the world is silent..
i love my slow cooker
militant dressed as martyr
i could have killed all of them. but i let some of them survive so you know why i killed them
pray for peace pray for wellbeing
taking a photo with family
traveling through chimney
just can't get rid of the stain. this is why i hate beets
randomly deciding to bake something
\"who's gonna make the sandwiches? what do we do with all these sandwiches?\"
when your wife just died giving birth to your daughter and you're alone in the room with your naked just born daughter
time to play rich vs the constitution
in the last days there will be god hating scoffers, ridiculers, deniers and mockers following after their own lusts
there are still parts of the world where people celebrate capital punishment
they are like sperm you get millions, but only one works
when your company valuation hits 1 billion
does nike also sell stones in case they take it off?
hey, i just met you and this is crazy but here's your number... so camping, maybe?
say it! say it ! islam is the religion of peace
every kitchen needs a sandwich maker just like this one
plays uno steals all the green cards
are you a boy or a girl i'm non binary
terrorist trojan horse enemy of the state
democrats ilhan omar alexandria ocasio-cortez ayanna pressley rashida tlais we're new, bold, and we hate you! we hate whites, jews, christians, conservatives, republicans,
watching vegetables grow
it's the goat humper looks like a bunch of pigs just walked over your grave
pretty much sums up islam
cotton candy is what makes the theme park wonderful
last summer camp was so \"lit\"
democrats we're new, bold, and we hate you! alexandria ocasio-cortez rashida tlais ilhan omar ayanna pressley we hate whites, jews, christians, conservatives, republicans
randomly deciding to bake something
when your jewish friend smells a stash of coins in public
doing o's with the smoke
haters will say it's photoshop
look at this sandwich maker club i found on wish on clearance
no, that's not his daughter.. that's his wife! yet the world is silent..
still better than mexican
they are like sperm you get millions, but only one works
she represents the new wave of democrats
broken dishwasher
this is el paso shooter's father every. single. time
they are terrorists anyone who doesn't agree is an idiot
time to put the \"panic\" back in hispanic
these are all the weapons that were seized from isis
fashion forward !
i've been driving this baby for years the mileage isn't great but still gets the job done
when you date an asian boy and you trynna get his family to accept you
the crimes against humanity should not be swiftly forgotten
first friday prayers of the islamic holy day
imagine being so disgusting there have to be laws to try to stop normal people from hating you
i'm a fan of the color black on you although the rose gold looks pretty good as well
my new muslim girlfriend not much to look at
watching vegetables grow
shopping is boring. why not have some fun at the walmart parking lot?
bitches be like no weave, no makeup, no lashes, no eyebrows & no filter. all natural
when finishing a race is your passion
doing o's with the smoke
upper downer
who's gonna make the sandwiches? what do we do with all these sandwiches?
best gamer ever 6 million kills, 1 death\"
i'm proud of it! come at me!
surprise!! wait, where is everyone?
does nike also sell stones in case they take it off?
portable dishwasher slash sandwich maker
what a weird way to spell fat and single
\"1st day of 4th grade sandy hook elementary school\"
ooof. that's gotta hurt
94% of them test positive for rh blood type which means they have monkey blood as a result they are born with a tail and other animal traits
and in 3 days he came back to life bringing salvation
\"islam is a religion of peace stop criticizing my religion\"
look at me bling up my prosthetic
broken dishwasher
the jihad squad
this is el paso shooter's father. every. single. time
thanksgiving in china
portable dishwasher slash sandwich maker
every kitchen needs a sandwich maker just like this one
the jihad squad
last summer camp was so \"lit\"
leaving a trail of death and destruction
the latest and greatest. a truck that comes with a dishwasher!
father and daughter bonding time is the best like and share if you agree
i'm gonna be like phelps one day
when you're so relaxed you can feel yourself go to the next level
look at this sandwich maker club i found on wish on clearance
diverse group of women
\"when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one\"
